# xss-scanner
An advanced Cross-Site Scripting vulnerability scanner. This tool uses payloads to test URLs for XSS vulnerabilities.

## Features
- Scans multiple URLs with XSS payloads.
- Supports multi-threading for faster scanning.
- Uses Selenium and Chrome WebDriver to detect alerts generated by XSS vulnerabilities.
- Saves the results to a specified output file.

### Installation:

https://github.com/Amanullah-code77/xss-scanner.git

cd xss_scanner

Now create a python virtual environment:

python3 -m venv .venv

source .venv/bin/activate

pip3 install -r requirements.txt

### Run the Script:
python3 xss_scanner.py

### How to Usage:
The script accepts the following command-line arguments:

- **-l, --urls: Path to a file containing the list of URLs to scan.**
- **-p, --payloads: Path to a file containing XSS payloads.**
- **-o, --output: Path to the output file where vulnerable URLs will be saved.**

### Usages Command:
python3 xss_scanner.py -l urls.txt -p xss_payload -o output.txt

Example:

python3 xss_scanner.py -l urls.txt -p xss.txt -o result.txt


### Chrome Installation

wget https://dl.google.com/linux/direct/google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb

sudo dpkg -i google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb

### If you encounter any errors during installation, use the following command:

sudo apt -f install

sudo dpkg -i google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb

### Chrome Driver Installation
Cd Desktop

wget https://chromedriver.storage.googleapis.com/114.0.5735.90/chromedriver_linux64.zip

unzip chromedriver-linux64.zip

cd chromedriver-linux64 

sudo mv chromedriver /usr/bin

### Warning!
 XSS Scanner is only for educational and penetration testing only. Any Unauthorized use of websites or systems without consent is illegal and unethical. 

